Focus_solution_improvement (#3015)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/Binary_Search.mdx

odd.

<Spoiler title="Solution">
To get the current median, we first sort the array in ascending order.

> Now, notice that to increase the current value to a value, say x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, notice that to increase the current value to a value, say $x$.
```

> All values currently greater than or equal to the median, must remain greater than or equal to the median. i.e

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All values currently greater than or equal to the median, must remain greater than or equal to the median.
```

> If after sorting an array we have the array

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, say we have the sorted array
````

> $[1,1,2,3,4,4,5,5,6,8,8]$. The current median is $4$, to increase the median to $6$, we have to increase the current median by $2$ and we also have to increase the $5$'s to $6$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$[1,1,2,3,4,4,5,5,6,8,8]$. The current median is $4$, so to increase the median to $6$, we have to increase the current median by $2$ and we also have to increase the $5$'s to $6$.

> $[1,1,2,3,4,4,5,5,6,8,8]$. The current median is $4$, to increase the median to $6$, we have to increase the current median by $2$ and we also have to increase the $5$'s to $6$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestoin
$[1,1,2,3,4,4,5,5,6,8,8]$. To increase the median to $6$ from the previous median, $4$, we have to increase the current median by $2$ and we also have to increase the $5$'s to $6$.
```

> Following this idea, to increase the median to a value x, we will need to increase the value of $array[i]$ (for i starting from  $(n + 1) / 2$ (the  position of the median) down to $n$), if it is less than the value x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following this idea, to increase the median to a value $x$, we will need to increase the value of $array[i]$ (for $i$ starting from  $\frac{n + 1}{2}$ (the  position of the median) down to $n$), if it is less than the value $x$.
```

> Following this idea, to increase the median to $x$, we need to increase the value of $array[i]$ (for $i$ starting from $\frac{n + 1}{2}$ (the position of the median) down to $n$), if it is less than the value $x$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following this idea, to increase the median to $x$, we need to increase all values in the second half of the array to some value greater than or equal to $x$.
```

> Following this idea, to increase the median to a value $x$, we will need to increase the value of $array[i]$ (for $i$ starting from  $\frac{n + 1}{2}$ (the  position of the median) down to $n$), if it is less than the value $x$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following this idea, to increase the median to $x$, we need to increase the value of $array[i]$ (for $i$ starting from $\frac{n + 1}{2}$ (the position of the median) down to $n$), if it is less than the value $x$.
```
> for $i$ starting from $\frac{n + 1}{2}$ (the position of the median) down to $n$

what does this mean?

Author: it means we are only looking at values of the array whose position is in the range (n+1/2) to n inclusive.
and we are starting from n+1/2 because it is the current position of the median
